update upgrade docs for enterprise UI (#5279)
solo-io/gloo: docs/content/operations/upgrading/1.8.0.md

{{% /tab %}}
{{< /tabs >}}

##### Enterprise UI

Prior to Gloo Edge Enterprise v1.8.9, the Enterprise UI was only available if Gloo Federation was enabled.

> Starting in v1.8.9, the UI is included by default for non-Gloo Fed users as well.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Starting in v1.8.9, the UI is included by default for all Gloo Edge Enterprise users as well.
```

> Note that if you have Gloo Federation enabled, the UI will not show any data until you [register one or more clusters]({{< versioned_link_path fromRoot="/guides/gloo_federation/cluster_registration/" >}}). If Gloo Federation is disabled, the UI will show the installed Gloo Edge instance automatically (without cluster registration).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that if you have Gloo Federation enabled, the UI does not show any data until you [register one or more clusters]({{< versioned_link_path fromRoot="/guides/gloo_federation/cluster_registration/" >}}). If Gloo Federation is disabled, the UI shows the installed Gloo Edge instance automatically without cluster registration.
```
